_pages/tools.md, before:

---
layout: archive
title: "Computing Tools"
permalink: /tools/
author_profile: true
header:
    overlay_image: potw1720a.jpg
    caption: "Credit: NASA, ESA, G. Dubner (IAFE, CONICET-University of Buenos Aires) et al.; A. Loll et al.; T. Temim et al.;
    F. Seward et al.; VLA/NRAO/AUI/NSF; Chandra/CXC; Spitzer/JPL-Caltech; XMM-Newton/ESA; and Hubble/STScI"
feature_row:
  - image_path: Tulips_dark.png
    alt: "Logo design: A. Faber"
    title: "TULIPS"
    excerpt: "This is some sample content that goes here with **Markdown** formatting."
    url: "#tulips"
  - image_path: /assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-2-th.jpg
    alt: "placeholder image 2"
    title: "Placeholder 2"
    excerpt: "This is some sample content that goes here with **Markdown** formatting."
    url: "#monitor"
---

<span style="color:red">**Update: November 2020** I have just been awarded the 5000 Euro outreach award of the Royal 
Holland Society of Sciences and Humanities through the de Zeeuw-van Disshoeck fund
for developing the TULIPS project further. For more information, see the press release: 
[original in Dutch](https://www.astronomie.nl/nieuws/eva-laplace-wint-communicatieprijs-voor-software-die-levensloop-van-ster-toont-2542) or 
[English translation](https://www.astronomie.nl/eva-laplace-wins-communication-prize-for-software-that-shows-life-cycle-of-stars-92)</span>

More information about the [BeXRB monitor](http://integral.esac.esa.int/bexrbmonitor/webpage_oneplot.php) and 
[TULIPS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AUfWdZGugyo&feature=youtu.be), the Tool for Understanding the Lives, Interiors, 
and Physics of Stars will be added soon.



<!---
{% include feature_row %}

{% if author.googlescholar %}
  You can also find my articles on <u><a href="{{author.googlescholar}}">my Google Scholar profile</a>.</u>
{% endif %}

{% include base_path %}

{% for post in site.publications reversed %}
  {% include archive-single.html %}
{% endfor %}
--->

Commit message:

Add link to TULIPS page and minimum info about BeXRB monitor.

_pages/tools.md, after:

---
layout: archive
title: "Computing Tools"
permalink: /tools/
author_profile: true
header:
    overlay_image: potw1720a.jpg
    caption: "Credit: NASA, ESA, G. Dubner (IAFE, CONICET-University of Buenos Aires) et al.; A. Loll et al.; T. Temim et al.;
    F. Seward et al.; VLA/NRAO/AUI/NSF; Chandra/CXC; Spitzer/JPL-Caltech; XMM-Newton/ESA; and Hubble/STScI"
feature_row:
  - image_path: Tulips_dark.png
    alt: "Logo design: A. Faber"
    title: "TULIPS"
    excerpt: "This is some sample content that goes here with **Markdown** formatting."
    url: "#tulips"
  - image_path: /assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-2-th.jpg
    alt: "placeholder image 2"
    title: "Placeholder 2"
    excerpt: "This is some sample content that goes here with **Markdown** formatting."
    url: "#monitor"
---

<span style="color:red">**Update: November 2020** I have just been awarded the 5000 Euro outreach award of the Royal 
Holland Society of Sciences and Humanities through the de Zeeuw-van Disshoeck fund
for developing the TULIPS project further. For more information, see the press release: 
[original in Dutch](https://www.astronomie.nl/nieuws/eva-laplace-wint-communicatieprijs-voor-software-die-levensloop-van-ster-toont-2542) or 
[English translation](https://www.astronomie.nl/eva-laplace-wins-communication-prize-for-software-that-shows-life-cycle-of-stars-92)</span>

Learn more about TULIPS, the Tool for Understanding the Lives, Interiors, and Physics of Stars [here](#tulips). 

During a traineeship at the European Space Astronomy Centre in 2014, I developed the BeXRB monitor, a tool for detecting 
the activity of Be X-ray binaries from three different X-ray space telescopes in near real time using python, MySQL, 
PHP, and JavaScript.
The code is still actively used, hosted, and maintained today by the European Space Agency 
([Link to the BeXRB monitor](http://integral.esac.esa.int/bexrbmonitor/webpage_oneplot.php))


<!---
{% include feature_row %}

{% if author.googlescholar %}
  You can also find my articles on <u><a href="{{author.googlescholar}}">my Google Scholar profile</a>.</u>
{% endif %}

{% include base_path %}

{% for post in site.publications reversed %}
  {% include archive-single.html %}
{% endfor %}
--->
