_tools/tulips.md, before:

---
layout: archive
title: "TULIPS"
excerpt: "An award-winning tool for visualizing how stars evolve based on advanced simulations"
collection: tools
header:
    overlay_image: potw1720a.jpg
    caption: "Credit: NASA, ESA, G. Dubner (IAFE, CONICET-University of Buenos Aires) et al.; A. Loll et al.; T. Temim et al.;
    F. Seward et al.; VLA/NRAO/AUI/NSF; Chandra/CXC; Spitzer/JPL-Caltech; XMM-Newton/ESA; and Hubble/STScI"
---

{% include figure image_path="https://evalaplace.github.io/images/Tulips_white.png" alt="Logo design: A. Faber" %}

TULIPS helps visualize the physics of how stars evolve over time in an intuitive manner. Instead of complex diagrams, 
stars are represented as circles that change in size and color over time. I have been developing TULIPS since 2018 and 
plan to publish it as open-source and free software in the first half of 2021. 


With the Outreach award of the Royal Holland Society of Sciences and Humanities, I am planning to further develop TULIPS 
and to make tutorials and videos of TULIPS available. Stay tuned! 

![example_movie](https://evalaplace.github.io/images/test_single_M10.5_movie.gif "Example TULIPS movie showing how a 10 solar mass star 
changes in size and in apparent color (as perceived by the human eye)")
<span class="caption">Example TULIPS movie showing how a 10 solar mass star 
changes in size and in apparent color (as perceived http://by the human eye) over the course of its life. In the lower 
left corner, you can see a classical Hertzsprung-Russell diagram</span>

![example_interior_movie](https://evalaplace.github.io/images/test_single_M10.5_interior_movie.gif "Example TULIPS movie showing how a 10 solar mass star 
changes in size and in apparent color (as perceived by the human eye)")
<span class="caption">Example TULIPS movie showing how a 10 solar mass star 
loses and generate energy over the course of its life. The radius of the circle is proportional to the mass of the star. 
Redder colors indicate a very high energy generation (for example through nuclear fusion) and more purple colors 
indicate heavy energy losses (for example through neutrino emission). In the lower left corner, you can see a classical 
Hertzsprung-Russell diagram.</span>

Commit message:

Add link to TULIPS page and minimum info about BeXRB monitor.

_tools/tulips.md, after:

---
layout: archive
title: "TULIPS"
excerpt: "An award-winning tool for visualizing how stars evolve based on advanced simulations"
collection: tools
header:
    overlay_image: potw1720a.jpg
    caption: "Credit: NASA, ESA, G. Dubner (IAFE, CONICET-University of Buenos Aires) et al.; A. Loll et al.; T. Temim et al.;
    F. Seward et al.; VLA/NRAO/AUI/NSF; Chandra/CXC; Spitzer/JPL-Caltech; XMM-Newton/ESA; and Hubble/STScI"
video:
    id: AUfWdZGugyo
    provider: youtube
---

{% include figure image_path="https://evalaplace.github.io/images/Tulips_white.png" alt="Logo design: A. Faber" %}

TULIPS helps visualize the physics of how stars evolve over time in an intuitive manner. Instead of complex diagrams, 
stars are represented as circles that change in size and color over time. I have been developing TULIPS since 2018 and 
plan to publish it as open-source and free software in the first half of 2021. 


With the Outreach award of the Royal Holland Society of Sciences and Humanities, I am planning to further develop TULIPS 
and to make tutorials and videos of TULIPS available. Stay tuned! 

{% include figure image_path="https://evalaplace.github.io/images/test_single_M10.5_movie.gif" alt="Example TULIPS movie"
 caption="Example TULIPS movie showing how a 10 solar mass star 
changes in size and in apparent color (as perceived by the human eye) over the course of its life. In the lower 
left corner, you can see a classical Hertzsprung-Russell diagram"%}

{% include figure image_path="https://evalaplace.github.io/images/test_single_M10.5_interior_movie.gif" 
alt="Example TULIPS interior movie" caption="Example TULIPS movie showing how a 10 solar mass star 
loses and generate energy over the course of its life. The radius of the circle is proportional to the mass of the star. 
Redder colors indicate a very high energy generation (for example through nuclear fusion) and more purple colors 
indicate heavy energy losses (for example through neutrino emission). In the lower left corner, you can see a classical 
Hertzsprung-Russell diagram."%}

For more information, have a look at a one-hour presentation I gave about TULIPS at a lunch seminar of the Anton Pannekoek Institute,
University of Amsterdam:

{% include video id="AUfWdZGugyo" provider="youtube" %}
